thank you is this you yeah babe this is
Missy
I feel like Ole Miss he was back and the
crowd started calling for me to go back
onstage so I did well you stop by and
get yourself a little bit anytime you
want to okay yes ma'am
well alright one honey - honey chill
fitting uh-huh sorry to keep you all
waiting my husband was here your husband
what the hell was buddy doing here
wait don't you dear buddy is a dog
sweet kandi-coated baby please what's
going on little spoiled ungrateful brand
grateful ungrateful forget love if I'm
hungry I eat I want some clothes there
was always somebody willing and if I get
horny don't you say what you're gonna
say can I be damned if you're gonna make
me feel like less of a man just for
letting you know that I care nah deep
chocolate with enough nuts for years
baby so much
oh sweet Jesus is that him
oh yeah doesn't my man oh really
Oh real ah man I can do some things with
that